hey guys this is just a simple notice
that i am now posting single sentence
monologues onto twitter twitter is
really a website or a service i have
never used in the past there's been an
account sitting there with almost no
activity on it and you know I've
attempted to share photos from my daily
life pure in China because I'm living in
an especially beautiful part of China
till Hong in Yunnan I've been trying to
share photos from my daily life through
an app called night and I give you a
link to that but the vast majority of
people in the Western world apparently
find that impossible to use but that's
an app that actually works within China
so I'm going to continue using that I'm
going to continue to upload photos there
but given that I don't even know why
most of you can't use this application
to find me I don't know I maybe make
sense once in a while I can try to share
some photos from my life here in China
on Twitter other than that you're going
to get witticisms of the kind you see on
screen right now but if you think I'm
going to be one of these guys to waste
his time getting into Twitter Wars or
dialogues or discussion no that ain't me
I don't waste time on the Internet
period and least of all what I get drawn
into wasting time on Twitter however I
mean you know as a way to stay in touch
the outside world when you're living in
China could be better could be worse
maybe I should now put some more time
into making that Twitter account active
otherwise if you actually want to talk
to me if you actually want have a
dialogue the way to do that is through
patreon and I said before it's no joke
the amount of time i can put in to
youtube really does hang on the income i
get from patreon and that income now is
pretty low and probably in the next
month you're going to see a lot
lessening on youtube and what was to be
on you now live streaming for that
reason but basically the only social
media platform where I hear from people
and talk to people and take questions
and answer those questions in my youtube
videos is going to be patreon so for one
doll or a month you get to support the
creation of content like that if you get
to support me
my life and you know if you got
something to say you can check the
comments section there are all kinds of
people with my regular patreon
supporters they talk to me it ain't real
hard to get ahold of me so you know if
you want to talk I'm here to listen